Implement vof algebraic interface reinitialization (#1416)
chaos-polymtl/lethe: doc/source/parameters/cfd/volume_of_fluid.rst

    The :doc:`../../examples/multiphysics/dam-break/dam-break` example discussed the interface sharperning mechanism.

Algebraic Interface Reinitialization
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* ``subsection algebraic interface reinitialization``: defines parameters used to reinitialize the interface in VOF simulations. Alike the interface sharpening, this aims to reduce numerical smudging of the phase fraction and redefine the interface more compactly.

  .. note::
    A subsection on algebraic interface reinitialization will be added shortly to the :doc:`Volume of Fluid (VOF) Method<../../../theory/multiphase/cfd/vof>` theory guide for additional details on this method.

>   * ``enable``: enable the algebraic interface reinitialization.

Reviewer: I don't mind this being a boolean, but we should double check that only one re-init mechanism is on at a single time :)

Author: You're totally right! I'll add it!

    The :doc:`../../examples/multiphysics/dam-break/dam-break` example discussed the interface sharperning mechanism.

Algebraic Interface Reinitialization
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> * ``subsection algebraic interface reinitialization``: defines parameters used to reinitialize the interface in VOF simulations. Alike the interface sharpening, this aims to reduce numerical smudging of the phase fraction and redefine the interface more compactly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``subsection algebraic interface reinitialization``: defines parameters used to reinitialize the interface in VOF simulations. Alike the interface sharpening, this aims to reduce numerical diffusion of the phase fraction and redefine the interface sharply.
```

    .. math::
     \alpha_\text{ss} \geq \frac{\phi_\text{reinit}^{\tau + 1} - \phi_\text{reinit}^{\tau}}{\Delta \tau}

    where :math:`\tau` is the pseudo-time used to solve the reinitialization PDE and :math:`\Delta \tau` is the associated pseudo-time-step.

  * ``max steps number``: integer indicating the maximum number of interface reinitialization steps that can be applied before the process ends.

  The algebraic interface reinitialization PDE contains a diffusion term. This term contains a diffusion coefficient :math:`(\varepsilon)` given by:

  .. math::
    \varepsilon = C h_\text{min}^d

  * ``diffusivity multiplier``: double representing the constant :math:`(C)` multiplying the smallest cell-size value :math:`(h_\text{min})` in the evaluation of the diffusion coefficient of the PDE.

  * ``diffusivity power``: double representing the power :math:`(d)` to which the smallest cell-size value :math:`(h_\text{min})` is elevated in the evaluation of the diffusion coefficient of the PDE.

>   * ``reinitialization CFL``: double representing the CFL condition of the interface reinitialization process. This is used to evaluate the pseudo-time-step :math:`(\Delta\tau)`.

Reviewer: Do you think it is important to say "double"...

    .. math::
      \Delta \tau = C_\text{CFL} \, h_\text{min}

    where :math:`C_\text{CFL}` is the imposed CFL condition and :math:`h_\text{min}` is the size of the smallest cell.

>   * ``verbosity``: enables the display of the solving process of the algebraic interface reinitialization. The different level of verbosity are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * ``verbosity``: displays the solution process of the algebraic interface reinitialization. The different level of verbosity are:
```
